what's up everyone the cyber 98 6 10 and
today we have another random pack
opening don't have too many packs left
so let's go on ahead and see we get see
that it's two four six and eight and see
two more to go there we go ten there you
go ten different packs and these will be
for the next random pack okay let's see
what we got from this what different
packs we have phantom darkness it's
pretty cool of course legend of blue ice
we've pretty much getting one of those
of every random pack opening so see if
it will do pretty well see phantom
darkness remember go into the sneak
preview of that and we have field
commander rose which is super rare looks
pretty cool reminds me marauding captain
and a dark illusion for our rare that's
a good start for this opening let's see
strike of neos six samurais of course
and a elemental hero air Neos freakin
awesome i was wonder if we could
actually get with these Arab OPEC
opening and we did air Neos I was open
up all these strike of neos pack seems
like lately and that's just just
freaking epic it's what it's and one of
my favorites of course of the have Neos
it's one of the better el material Neos
fusions and it just looks so awesome so
definitely cool seems like the name is
kind of slanted or maybe it's just me I
don't know it seems like it's up at
least a little bit higher than it should
be I don't know it just looks so freakin
awesome though and there's the card
drips down so we have to turn them real
quick there we go and to look a ritual
monster don't see those too often yeah
already this opening is doing really
awesome let's see if we can't in you
this get hollows at all the packs let's
see galactic over loom overlord yeah
the hollow missed me up I can't talk now
let's see continue with the streak we
have a light ray diablos ah already
messed up the street for the hollow
cards oh well legend of blue-eyes White
Dragon that's so freakin awesome though
air Neos see we get from this get a
blue-eyes White Dragon I really want to
be able to see armed ninja and all I saw
there was no monster so I was kind of
wondering it's like yeah it's all normal
monsters in one effect monster that's
that's kind of random okay that's weird
I'll just kind of like wait a minute
metal Raiders they've got a little weird
packs that's opening anyone else does
that I mean we've got a lot of cool
stuff remit don't get me wrong but just
kind of random yeah well there you go
the name really does fit for these
openings we have a Mucca Mucca for our
air power of the Duelist Steven get
another knee effusion there we go we
gotta get another one to go with air
Neos and Destiny Hero Dasher not in use
fusion but a freaking awesome card to
get especially ultimate rare that sure
is an awesome destiny hero card and it
just looks so cool as ultimate rare also
there are more cards than normal in this
pack or maybe it's just me I don't know
it just seems like there's more than
everything I hate to count them out
because that will kind of delay the rest
of the openings but uh yeah it just
seems that there was more card to that
weird I could be wrong though let's see
cyber dark impact see we have a storm
shooter super rare it's pretty cool card
yet again kind of looks like a harpy
monster or something more that's what
I've always thought spell ruler I will
call it magic ruler I'm not used to even
nowadays no it's been it's Beverly for
quite a while but I'm still don't really
used to that for some reason I always
want to call it magic ruler we have a
rush recklessly for a rare I ever seeing
it on store shelves and stuff too so
that's what's kind of funny
say force of the breaker come on we got
to get that volcanic doom fire axe to
the wall and soul a fire super rare
another cool card to give of course
doing pretty well with this one that's
probably one the better random pack
openings let's see tactical evolution
last tag tackle evolutions been really
weird lately so what was it going to do
this time to mesmerize us all right it's
going to be five rainbow dragons let's
see they have phalanx pike which has
secret rare like lettering I guess it's
if like having the rare and you know
bring it normally so that's kind of
interesting I guess that's kind of our
weird pack than what it's going to do
for this weird pack yeah it's like a
instead of having like the whole graphic
picture it has like the secret lettering
on there so that's really shiny and
interesting I don't know just kind of
weird anyway I yet again technical
evolution you amaze us even further
thank you for watching it again and I'll
catch you guys later see